gh-133390: Support SQL keyword completion for sqlite3 CLI (#133393)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  it will now raise a :exc:`sqlite3.ProgrammingError`.
  (Contributed by Erlend E. Aasland in :gh:`118928` and :gh:`101693`.)

> * Support keyword completion for :mod:`sqlite3` command-line interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support keyword completion in the :mod:`sqlite3` command-line interface.
```

  (Contributed by Long Tan in :gh:`133393`.)

> 

Reviewer: This won't make it in to `3.14` I'm afraid.
